I leave the trial before Rocio
Carrasco And when Rocio Carrasco leaves
with her lawyer, she stands in front of that
camera and a journalist appears with a microphone
And she asks her questions, it could be Maybe
for readings It caught my attention that I had not
seen either the images or the
answers to her questions Curiously, they were
recording me But at no time does
the journalist appear with the microphone to
ask me any questions It turns out that they would have
noticed how Rocio Carrasco,
apart from having asked on this occasion
that the trial be open to the
press, it seems that she was taking or was
accompanied or had some kind of
contact with a cameraman and a journalist
who were the only ones who had
found out about this information that the
trial was that day at that time in that
court and that they only stopped to
talk to her, the theory that
Antonio David drops is that Rocio Carrasco would have
taken her reading friends there
so that when they were
recording her, she would have made a show of herself there
and started kissing her son I
miss you Take my phone I hope we
can see each other again